<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html SYSTEM "about:legacy-compat">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:pu="http://schema.phpunit.de/coverage/1.0" lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>phpDox - Test Method</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/style.css" media="screen"/>
    <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <nav class="topnav">
      <ul>
        <li>
          <div class="logo"><span>/**</span>phpDox</div>
        </li>
        <li class="separator">
          <a href="../../index.xhtml">Overview</a>
        </li>
        <li class="separator">
          <a href="../../namespaces.xhtml">Namespaces</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../classes.xhtml">Classes</a>
        </li>
        <li class="separator">
          <a href="../../source/index.xhtml">Source</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </nav>
    <div id="mainstage">
      <div class="box">
        <ul class="breadcrumb">
          <li>
            <a href="../../index.xhtml">Overview</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">
            <a href="../../classes.xhtml">Classes</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">
            <a href="../../classes.xhtml#voku_helper">voku\helper</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">
            <a title="voku\helper\UTF8" href="../../classes/voku_helper_UTF8.xhtml">UTF8</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">file_get_contents</li>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <nav class="box">
        <ul>
          <li>
            <a href="#introduction">Introduction</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#synopsis">Synopsis</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#parameter">Parameter</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#return">Return</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="../../source/voku/helper/UTF8.php.xhtml#line2323">Source</a>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </nav>
      <section>
        <h1><small>voku\helper\UTF8::</small>file_get_contents</h1>
        <h4>Reads entire file into a string.</h4>
        <p>WARNING: do not use UTF-8 Option fir binary-files (e.g.: images) !!!</p>
        <ul/>
        <h2 id="signature">Signature</h2>
        <div class="styled synopsis">
          <code>public function file_get_contents(string
        $filename,
            [int
        $flags = null,
            [resource
        $context = null,
            [int
        $offset = null,
            [int
        $maxlen = null,
            [integer
        $timeout = 10,
            [boolean
        $convertToUtf8 = true]]]]]] )
            </code>
        </div>
        <h2 id="parameterlist">Parameters</h2>
        <dl class="styled">
          <dt><code>$filename</code>
                —
                string</dt>
          <dd>&lt;p&gt;<br/>Name of the file to read.<br/>                               &lt;/p&gt;</dd>
          <dt><code>$flags</code>
                —
                int</dt>
          <dd>[optional] &lt;p&gt;<br/>Prior to PHP 6, this parameter is called<br/>use_include_path and is a bool.<br/>As of PHP 5 the FILE_USE_INCLUDE_PATH can be used<br/>to trigger include path<br/>search.<br/>&lt;/p&gt;<br/>&lt;p&gt;<br/>The value of flags can be any combination of<br/>the following flags (with some restrictions), joined with the<br/>binary OR (|)<br/>operator.<br/>&lt;/p&gt;<br/>&lt;p&gt;<br/>&lt;table&gt;<br/>Available flags<br/>&lt;tr valign="top"&gt;<br/>&lt;td&gt;Flag&lt;/td&gt;<br/>&lt;td&gt;Description&lt;/td&gt;<br/>&lt;/tr&gt;<br/>&lt;tr valign="top"&gt;<br/>&lt;td&gt;<br/>FILE_USE_INCLUDE_PATH<br/>&lt;/td&gt;<br/>&lt;td&gt;<br/>Search for filename in the include directory.<br/>See include_path for more<br/>information.<br/>&lt;/td&gt;<br/>&lt;/tr&gt;<br/>&lt;tr valign="top"&gt;<br/>&lt;td&gt;<br/>FILE_TEXT<br/>&lt;/td&gt;<br/>&lt;td&gt;<br/>As of PHP 6, the default encoding of the read<br/>data is UTF-8. You can specify a different encoding by creating a<br/>custom context or by changing the default using<br/>stream_default_encoding. This flag cannot be<br/>used with FILE_BINARY.<br/>&lt;/td&gt;<br/>&lt;/tr&gt;<br/>&lt;tr valign="top"&gt;<br/>&lt;td&gt;<br/>FILE_BINARY<br/>&lt;/td&gt;<br/>&lt;td&gt;<br/>With this flag, the file is read in binary mode. This is the default<br/>setting and cannot be used with FILE_TEXT.<br/>&lt;/td&gt;<br/>&lt;/tr&gt;<br/>&lt;/table&gt;<br/>                               &lt;/p&gt;</dd>
          <dt><code>$context</code>
                —
                resource</dt>
          <dd>[optional] &lt;p&gt;<br/>A valid context resource created with<br/>stream_context_create. If you don't need to use a<br/>custom context, you can skip this parameter by &amp;null;.<br/>                               &lt;/p&gt;</dd>
          <dt><code>$offset</code>
                —
                int</dt>
          <dd>[optional] &lt;p&gt;<br/>The offset where the reading starts.<br/>                               &lt;/p&gt;</dd>
          <dt><code>$maxlen</code>
                —
                int</dt>
          <dd>[optional] &lt;p&gt;<br/>Maximum length of data read. The default is to read until end<br/>of file is reached.<br/>                               &lt;/p&gt;</dd>
          <dt><code>$timeout</code>
                —
                integer</dt>
          <dd/>
          <dt><code>$convertToUtf8</code>
                —
                boolean</dt>
          <dd>WARNING: maybe you can't use this option for images or pdf, because they used non<br/>default utf-8 chars</dd>
        </dl>
        <h2 id="return">Returns</h2>
        <dl class="styled">
          <dt>string</dt>
          <dd>The function returns the read data or false on failure.</dd>
        </dl>
      </section>
    </div>
    <footer>
      <span>Generated using phpDox 0.8.1.1 - Copyright (C) 2010 - 2016 by Arne Blankerts</span>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>
