<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html SYSTEM "about:legacy-compat">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:pu="http://schema.phpunit.de/coverage/1.0" lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>phpDox - Test Method</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/style.css" media="screen"/>
    <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <nav class="topnav">
      <ul>
        <li>
          <div class="logo"><span>/**</span>phpDox</div>
        </li>
        <li class="separator">
          <a href="../../index.xhtml">Overview</a>
        </li>
        <li class="separator">
          <a href="../../namespaces.xhtml">Namespaces</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../classes.xhtml">Classes</a>
        </li>
        <li class="separator">
          <a href="../../source/index.xhtml">Source</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </nav>
    <div id="mainstage">
      <div class="box">
        <ul class="breadcrumb">
          <li>
            <a href="../../index.xhtml">Overview</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">
            <a href="../../classes.xhtml">Classes</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">
            <a href="../../classes.xhtml#voku_helper">voku\helper</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">
            <a title="voku\helper\UTF8" href="../../classes/voku_helper_UTF8.xhtml">UTF8</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">htmlentities</li>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <nav class="box">
        <ul>
          <li>
            <a href="#introduction">Introduction</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#synopsis">Synopsis</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#parameter">Parameter</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#return">Return</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="../../source/voku/helper/UTF8.php.xhtml#line2991">Source</a>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </nav>
      <section>
        <h1><small>voku\helper\UTF8::</small>htmlentities</h1>
        <h4>Convert all applicable characters to HTML entities: UTF-8 version of htmlentities()</h4>
        <p/>
        <ul/>
        <h2 id="signature">Signature</h2>
        <div class="styled synopsis">
          <code>public function htmlentities(string
        $str,
            [int
        $flags = ENT_COMPAT,
            [string
        $encoding = 'UTF-8',
            [boolean
        $double_encode = true]]] )
            </code>
        </div>
        <h2 id="parameterlist">Parameters</h2>
        <dl class="styled">
          <dt><code>$str</code>
                —
                string</dt>
          <dd>&lt;p&gt;<br/>The input string.<br/>                             &lt;/p&gt;</dd>
          <dt><code>$flags</code>
                —
                int</dt>
          <dd>[optional] &lt;p&gt;<br/>A bitmask of one or more of the following flags, which specify how to handle quotes,<br/>invalid code unit sequences and the used document type. The default is<br/>ENT_COMPAT | ENT_HTML401.<br/>&lt;table&gt;<br/>Available &lt;i&gt;flags&lt;/i&gt; constants<br/>&lt;tr valign="top"&gt;<br/>&lt;td&gt;Constant Name&lt;/td&gt;<br/>&lt;td&gt;Description&lt;/td&gt;<br/>&lt;/tr&gt;<br/>&lt;tr valign="top"&gt;<br/>&lt;td&gt;&lt;b&gt;ENT_COMPAT&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;<br/>&lt;td&gt;Will convert double-quotes and leave single-quotes alone.&lt;/td&gt;<br/>&lt;/tr&gt;<br/>&lt;tr valign="top"&gt;<br/>&lt;td&gt;&lt;b&gt;ENT_QUOTES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;<br/>&lt;td&gt;Will convert both double and single quotes.&lt;/td&gt;<br/>&lt;/tr&gt;<br/>&lt;tr valign="top"&gt;<br/>&lt;td&gt;&lt;b&gt;ENT_NOQUOTES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;<br/>&lt;td&gt;Will leave both double and single quotes unconverted.&lt;/td&gt;<br/>&lt;/tr&gt;<br/>&lt;tr valign="top"&gt;<br/>&lt;td&gt;&lt;b&gt;ENT_IGNORE&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;<br/>&lt;td&gt;<br/>Silently discard invalid code unit sequences instead of returning<br/>an empty string. Using this flag is discouraged as it<br/>may have security implications.<br/>&lt;/td&gt;<br/>&lt;/tr&gt;<br/>&lt;tr valign="top"&gt;<br/>&lt;td&gt;&lt;b&gt;ENT_SUBSTITUTE&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;<br/>&lt;td&gt;<br/>Replace invalid code unit sequences with a Unicode Replacement Character<br/>U+FFFD (UTF-8) or &amp;#38;#38;#FFFD; (otherwise) instead of returning an empty string.<br/>&lt;/td&gt;<br/>&lt;/tr&gt;<br/>&lt;tr valign="top"&gt;<br/>&lt;td&gt;&lt;b&gt;ENT_DISALLOWED&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;<br/>&lt;td&gt;<br/>Replace invalid code points for the given document type with a<br/>Unicode Replacement Character U+FFFD (UTF-8) or &amp;#38;#38;#FFFD;<br/>(otherwise) instead of leaving them as is. This may be useful, for<br/>instance, to ensure the well-formedness of XML documents with<br/>embedded external content.<br/>&lt;/td&gt;<br/>&lt;/tr&gt;<br/>&lt;tr valign="top"&gt;<br/>&lt;td&gt;&lt;b&gt;ENT_HTML401&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;<br/>&lt;td&gt;<br/>Handle code as HTML 4.01.<br/>&lt;/td&gt;<br/>&lt;/tr&gt;<br/>&lt;tr valign="top"&gt;<br/>&lt;td&gt;&lt;b&gt;ENT_XML1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;<br/>&lt;td&gt;<br/>Handle code as XML 1.<br/>&lt;/td&gt;<br/>&lt;/tr&gt;<br/>&lt;tr valign="top"&gt;<br/>&lt;td&gt;&lt;b&gt;ENT_XHTML&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;<br/>&lt;td&gt;<br/>Handle code as XHTML.<br/>&lt;/td&gt;<br/>&lt;/tr&gt;<br/>&lt;tr valign="top"&gt;<br/>&lt;td&gt;&lt;b&gt;ENT_HTML5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;<br/>&lt;td&gt;<br/>Handle code as HTML 5.<br/>&lt;/td&gt;<br/>&lt;/tr&gt;<br/>&lt;/table&gt;<br/>                             &lt;/p&gt;</dd>
          <dt><code>$encoding</code>
                —
                string</dt>
          <dd>[optional] &lt;p&gt;<br/>Like &lt;b&gt;htmlspecialchars&lt;/b&gt;,<br/>&lt;b&gt;htmlentities&lt;/b&gt; takes an optional third argument<br/>&lt;i&gt;encoding&lt;/i&gt; which defines encoding used in<br/>conversion.<br/>Although this argument is technically optional, you are highly<br/>encouraged to specify the correct value for your code.<br/>                             &lt;/p&gt;</dd>
          <dt><code>$double_encode</code>
                —
                boolean</dt>
          <dd>[optional] &lt;p&gt;<br/>When &lt;i&gt;double_encode&lt;/i&gt; is turned off PHP will not<br/>encode existing html entities. The default is to convert everything.<br/>                             &lt;/p&gt;</dd>
        </dl>
        <h2 id="return">Returns</h2>
        <dl class="styled">
          <dt>string</dt>
          <dd>the encoded string.<br/>&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
If the input &lt;i&gt;string&lt;/i&gt; contains an invalid code unit
sequence within the given &lt;i&gt;encoding&lt;/i&gt; an empty string
will be returned, unless either the &lt;b&gt;ENT_IGNORE&lt;/b&gt; or
&lt;b&gt;ENT_SUBSTITUTE&lt;/b&gt; flags are set.</dd>
        </dl>
      </section>
    </div>
    <footer>
      <span>Generated using phpDox 0.8.1.1 - Copyright (C) 2010 - 2016 by Arne Blankerts</span>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>
